#summary GUI description.

= Main panel =

This panel will be visible within IDE by clicking a button on the IDE toolbar (just like "Ant", "Maven projects" or "TODO"). It will consist of three tabs: [#Tickets tickets], [#Wiki wiki] and [#Help help].

== Tickets ==

=== Toolbar ===
There will be a toolbar at the top and a list of reports at the bottom. It will be always visible, however it will change its content depending on the current context. It will always contain navigation buttons (home ([#Reports_list reports list]), back, [#Ticket_editor new ticket]) in a constant place, e.g. right-aligned.

=== Reports list ===
It will be the first state of the Tickets tab. Toolbar will contain buttons:

 * Open report (only active if a report is selected in the list) - navigates to [#Tickets_list list of tickets].
 * Add new report - navigates to [#Report_editor report editor].
 * Edit report (only active if a report is selected in the list) - navigates to [#Report_editor report editor].
 * Remove report (only active if a report is selected in the list) - removes selected report (possibly with a prompt).

=== Tickets list ===

 * Start working on a ticket - registers that the user has just started working on this ticket, starting a timer. It will be active if all these conditions are met:
   * the user is not working on any other ticket yet,
   * there is a selected ticket in the list.

 * Stop working on a ticket - updates this ticket, adding calculated time. It will be active if all these conditions are met:
   * there is a selected ticket in the list,
   * the user started working on this ticket (by clicking "start working on a ticket").

 * Pause working on a ticket - pauses the timer for this ticket working time, but does not stop it - the user is still working on this ticket. Required conditions:
   * there is a selected ticket in the list,
   * the user started working on this ticket (by clicking "start working on a ticket").

 * Edit ticket - navigates to [#Ticket_editor ticket editor].

=== Report editor ===

 * Title
 * Description
 * Query

=== Ticket editor ===

Analogous to the web ticket editor.

== Wiki ==

Wiki mode will consist of a toolbar at the top and a wiki-browser.

=== Toolbar ===
There will be a toolbar at the top. It will be always visible - it will contain navigation buttons (home wiki page, back, [#Wiki_editor new wiki page], [#Wiki_editor edit this page], delete this page, delete this version, attach file).

=== Wiki browser ===
Will just display wiki pages rendered in HTML. Links will work here.

=== Wiki editor ===
Just an editor with "preview", "submit" and "cancel" buttons.

== Help ==

This tab will just display contents of a help web page.

= Settings =

This panel will be accessible by clicking "IntelliTrac settings" in Project settings. It will be just a form with following fields:

 * Trac URL - text field - direct URL to the Trac project (concrete project, e.g. http://my-track.com/project).
 * Login
 * Password

OK and Cancel buttons underneath.